All right, enough videos about the design or architecture of our application.
Time to actually start writing some code.
So in this video, we're going to start working on our off service.
This service is going to be in charge of handling signup, signing in and so on.
In total, our service is going to have four different routes assigned to it.
So we'll have the ability to sign up with the post request, sign in with the post, sign out with the
post, and also get information about the currently signed and user.
So let's go back over to our terminal right away.
We're going to start to generate some different files.
We're going to do some NPM installation, get some modules, all that kind of stuff for our off service.
So back at my terminal.
I'm still inside my blog project directory.
I'm going to change out of that folder.
So I'm now back inside of a workspace directory.
And inside of here I'm going to generate a new overall folder for all of our different services.
I'm going to call this ticketing.
That is the name of our project ticketing.
Then inside of ticketing, I'll create a new directory of auth.
And change into it.
And then inside of this auth directory I'll run npm init.
Why?
There's our package chase on file.
Then inside of here, we're going to first install a couple of different dependencies.
I'm going to install TypeScript because remember, we are going to use TypeScript on this project.
I'm going to get Node dev, which is a tool that we're going to use to actually execute our project
in the development environment.
I'm going to get express.
I'll get at types express.
And we'll just do that installation for right now.
We will come back very shortly and add in many other dependencies into this project, but that's good
enough to get started with.
So while that is running and then going to open up my code editor inside of our overall project directory.
So the ticketing folder.
So it looks like that's all done.
I'll change back out to ticketing and open up my code editor inside there.
All right, so now I should see that off the project directory right there.
There's our package JSON file.
Then back at my terminal, I'm going to change into that directory one more time and I'm going to generate
a config file inside of here with TSC dash dash in it.
Cool.
So that's enough to get started with.
I'm going to go back over to my editor and we'll start writing out some code.
Inside my art directory, I'm going to make a new folder called CRC.
So you're going to start placing all of our code inside this CRC directory.
I'm going to first begin by creating a apts or index to get started with file.
Inside this indexed file.
I'll then throw in some basic syntax and basic imports, all that kind of stuff to get an express application
up and running.
So I will do an import express.
From Express.
I'll then get my.
JSON from body dash parser.
I'm going to create a new app.
Then I will associate the JSON middleware with it.
So API use JSON.
I'm not going to worry about setting up any handlers just yet.
And so finally, I'll do an listen.
And this time around, we're going to do a lesson on Port 3000.
Remember, the port doesn't really make a difference once we start making use of Kubernetes, because
we're going to start to create all these different services.
A Kubernetes service that is that's going to govern access to this off thing that we're putting together.
So right now, we'll just use a service sub 3000 because again, doesn't really make a big difference.
And then I would will put in a callback.
But the console log of listing on port 3000.
Let's now go over to our package JSON file.
We're going to set up a start script inside there.
So inside of package JSON, I'm going to remove the test script.
I'm going to replace it with START.
And the command that we're going to run to start this thing up is dash node, dash dev.
And we want to run source slash index.
It's like so.
We are going to eventually run this thing inside of Kubernetes.
But for right now, let's change into this auth directory at our terminal and just make sure that we
could run NPM start and have our applications start up.
So back at my terminal.
I'm inside my directory still, so I'll do an NPM start.
And there we go.
Looks like we are all set.
Okay, so just a little bit of boilerplate to get started.
Let's take a pause right here and discuss a couple of different things around this service in just a
moment.